This happened last night. My gf and I decided to go camping in Patrick's Point. As we rolled up to pay for our site, we saw these signs, and were joking about how funny they look, and captioning them to say "Moonwalk" "Attempt to fly away" "offer your first born child", mistake one. We chose a heavily wooded site, with a cove and lots of tree cover. Mistake two. We then hiked wedding rock, came back, made a nice fire and cooked grilled cheese and soup. All in all, a great evening. As we were chilling by the fire, a fat skunk waddled out. My girlfriend is terrified of skunks, so I am trying to shoo it while she hunkers in the car, but this plump fucker was not afraid. Eventually, after eating some grubs, it waddled past our tent into the brush. My gf was dead set on sleeping in the car, but I convinced her everything would be fine, and shone my flashlight all around our tent proving the smelly lil bastard was gone for the night. So we curl up in our one-man coffin tent (mistake 3) have some loud camping sex (mistake 4, fucking intense!) And close our eyes to sleep, lulled by the roar of waves crashing off the surrounding cliffs. Just as we are about to sleep, we hear cracking of twigs (no big deal, probably skunk dude) followed by a bone-chilling growl (second sound of this video) coming from a few feet away.

We are now frozen, completely silent except for our ridiculously loud heartbeats. "Did you hear that? " I whisper "Yeah, wtf do we do?" She replied. We held each other, thinking maybe if we are still it will lose interest and move on. No luck, as now we hear it circling our little sardine can of doom. "Should we scream?" She peeps. Before the words can leave her mouth I yell in my manliest voice "Hey! Fuck off!" She joins me, our voices louder than a goddamn foghorn. Now this damn cat is thinking, tasty snack, all wrapped up, and sounds like an injured deer! Yay! So the circling has tightened around us and we can see shadows of its silhouette above us. We need light, we agree. So with one arm over her stomach I slowly reach over my head in this claustrophobic space, grab the flashlight while clicking it on, and as I bring my arm back down by my side, my elbow grazes its fucking nose pressed against the tent. Oh hell no! Without a pause or thought I flipped around, my back pressed on top of my gf, and kick as hard as I can, shouting. The first kick blindly landed right on the side of the lion's face, and the two subsequent kicks hit nothing, just tore the tent open. Faced by darkness and the uncertainty of whether I would be mauled, I rose out of our mangled doggy-bag, pulling my girl behind me back to back. There was nothing in the clearing, so we slowly walked back to the car, illuminating the brush around us.

This all started around 1:30, and we made it to the car at 2:15. We did have to go back for our phones, after, maybe an hour of pure adrenaline pumping through our veins. Nothing came of it so once we were chill enough to lie down, we did, falling asleep by around 5AM. the next morning we got our food out of the bear box, grabbed our remaining stuff, and looked for tracks. Right next to the tent, about a foot from where my head was, there were scuffle prints in the dirt. We packed up, made our exodus, and stopped by the ranger station where we finally noticed the other, less amusing sign next to the aforementioned one warning of a "problem mountain lion" in the area. We filled out a report, and now we are home safe. But shit! Two small women against a 200lb cat. We are lucky we didn't get mauled.

TL;DR: my girlfriend and I laughed at a very serious sign, and almost got eaten by a kitty cat

